So basically she was like a lab rat YAYAYAYAY Jfjxbdjx que emocin   Wow finally hmm,lets see if this one is my style  IM SO HAPPY FOR THIS DRAMA TO START   hope this is good I have a good feeling about this show  so many dramas that seem interesting this yr! hope this is a good one tho Fighting! Damn  rating Im excited, I loved him in I Need Romance and I enjoyed her personality in Birth of a Beauty, great cast SUNG JOOONNNNNNNN SO EXSITED!  Sung Jun!  here because of han ye seul! Aaaaah I have been waiting since December for this! thank youuu subbers  OPPPPAAA SHUT UP FLOWER BOYS BAND AND NOONA BIRTH OF BEAUTY I HOPE IT WILL GREAT CANT WAAIIIITT  This seems interesting Finally! Im from Sweden, where do you guys come from? lo mirare ya que tengo buenas espectativas, que no me decepcione Thanks for the portuguese subs!  SUNG JOON   hh its here Yaaaaaaaaas I AM HERE!Have been waiting patiently  to hear Sun Joon sweet sexy voice Im so excited I love Han Ye Seul and Sung Joon here we goooo D so excited woo so excited for this  Sun joon  sung joon bae  Hope is good Sung joon  Excited! LOVE Han Ye Seul!  Subbers I love you so much! So excited! I hope this is good! watching in January ! Italy  Jung Jin Woon! Saranghae Ashiley, Roxana, Doobu amp Jennifer you guys are amazing thank you   The Fortunetellers   Hwaiting! I thought someone was committing suicide  I been watching too many action and case shows  Hahaha at lc, I thought the same tooo lc  same but then i saw that they were happy lmfaoo Me too i have a good feeling about this one Same, I thought is it seriously starting the same way as Heart to Heart? lol yes thanks so much subbers  Comeando o Madame Antoine  Hi to my sister Apple!  Oh Is she ok? Isnt no one going to help? soooooo much effort lol Oh Strange way to proclaim your love I guess juemadre, que originalidad! This is wierd this girl is in the Kdrama Dont Hesitate  wt lol Wow con los comentarios supongo que est muy bueno el drama  very weird   uum wierd  Of course nobody Will help, this is Korea not America korean pplz dont have hearts wait wots happening  uhhh  Female Version of Bobby from Ikon! We meet again! aaaaaah he looks good! ahhhh sungjoon swoons ohhh,look whos hereee LOBIN  OMG HE LOOKS SO HANDSOME I CANT EVEN AND ITS ONLY THE FIRST EPISODE  BABE LOOKING SO HOT BABYYYYYYYYY Ill never get over how hot his voice is Jajajaja miren al chico de la luz con su cara de no te entiendo nada OMG my bae  SUUUUNNG JOOOOON! He looks so hot here and in Hyde Jekyll Me Hope to be good drama  Im watching this for him Suuuuuuung Joooooooon!  His voice is funny  His voice still SEXY AF Memories from Hyde jekyll me  ive seen enough turtlenecksand i still hate them I waited so Long for sungjoon! wattt is this lol always gotta have the staple english speakers in a drama random english speakers within the first minute of the kdrama  the jackass from high society right? smh  hope hes more decent in this, he looks fine as hell tho come on he a great actor and by the role he now playing me he a nice guy random dude, but cool that he can understand him and not have to change languages Omfg I would hate to meet three men that all have an interest in me and fall in love with one of them only to realize it was for an experim dem biceps lol beastly Eyyy he was right about sexy lol damn Is this the Korean version of Hitch? Loving it! just realized this gal is the nurse chick in yongpal Beastly lol welp nuremberg code went straight out the window   There they go again with the discution koreanEnglish  Dats harsh So many ethical lines were crossed in this experimentto warrant this guys barring from the profession  ????? poor her  this is weird idk how to feel Ummm thats cruel   UNETHICAL AF Oi when you do studies you need to be ethical lol  THAT WHAT I SAID,I REALLY THOUGHT HE WAS NT GOING TO USE ANYONE IN THIS DRAMA what a douche bag So unethical!   climbs a tree to confess? Remind me of dating cirano agency  wow he be playing with ppl  That sounds highly unethical gtgt Okay for those of you that are confused this would NOT be allowed in real life due to ethical guidelines Theyd need consent from the girl t If he understands him why da hell he talking in english      Sung Joons gotten better at acting from what Ive seen till now o OMG I LOVE THAT MOVIE best movie ever What makes girls crazy? Watching romantic dramas nooooooo that movie is so sad i love it Am I not the only one dying of laughter right now? Titanic  Titanic Titanic tho  There was enough room for two!  leooooo LL   TITANIC  I still blame rose for jacks death im laughing too lol  Titanic still makes me mad lol  into kate winslet lol OMG HAHAHAHA This version Of RomeoampJuliet if Life! I reccomennd to all Hahahha That guys face after kissing the girl  romeo and juliett i screamed in frustration  love doesnt exist  Romeo and Juliet one of  the most stupid stories ever  dude these are all fictional stories   Lol the dude in this movie looks like zac efron heads up guys  RomeoampJuliet the girl is really pretty  im not the only one who thought he looked like zac efron love them eyelashes SoFor the experiment he basically made a girl fall in lovejust to break her hear later when she knows the truth??? This would be a great graduation thesis except everyone would think youre s narcissistic asshole  lol i like this drama  I AM HERE! No one is going to comment on how they speak to each other in different languages? Is he going to play a psychologistpsychiatrist or psycho in all his projects now??? haha Its not a big deal tranghoang like my dad speaks Yoruba to me but I speak English to him because I understand but cant speak  OMO OMO  He talks so fast lc guess so Im so impressed with the English lines Kudos to the writer  cause thats totally consent Yepit IS ethically wrong  and Im saying it from the researchers perspectivenot even the subjects one how they communicating?? i see no translaters and if they both know koreanenglish why not speak one language? Its Tuskegee experiment again, hes not using medical ethincs, his resus will be invalid Yes!  he isnt speaking broken, cliche english  thank u for bringing up the ethical part No, its not because she doesnt know they are acting You guys should watch this Chinese drama Dare to love you and youll find a lot of these kind of  languages conversation btw what an awes whoaa he talks very fast oo  thats not ok   the ethics commission is shut iffy about it but its okay Like for example with clinical trials they dont tell you which one is the pl  just roll with it, yo  if both of them are bilingualpolygloth they can easily talk in different languages and understand eachother He needs to be the subject ofthe experimentThen hell find out how wrong he is What an asshole This is wrong in so many ways Imagine you were the female girls I do that so I know xd And that my friends is called Deception They now need to debrief her by telling her the true aims of the experiment geeehhhhhzzz hes so sexy let me die uh no its a lot about ethics thats why these type things have peer review boards  I guess they just wanted to show off some English lol, idk excuse you sung joon but science has ethics i hate his voice and the way he talks Guess he doesnt know anything about philosophy  science is not about ethics  im so mad lol Hes crazy Those are lies You cant mislead a subject that way END justified the means?  sound like satanic catholic doctrine! Why cant they find foreigners who speak Korean? I guess they think English is so effin cool  He needs to fall into his own trap! even if youre a licensed doctor but with no ethics, youre just a quack but all experiments are supposed to be ethical   now that would be hilarious someone use him as a ginea pig experiment on him without his knowledge KARMA but why did they show her face in the video in this interview if they dont want her to find out?  all women are gold diggers basically ughhhh   True lol ok so we have a cynic on our hands    He doesnt get what hes sayingthe interpreter just sittin there unpopular comment Ooh! The card says BBC! Do they mean like American BBC or the British one?! wft! sin sentido! Hes from the BBC hahahaha His accent sounds British so probably BBC UK Lol a lui va bien de dire a   TT ok im ready for cupid to shoot him with an arrow This guy definitely has has some sort of traumatic experience stemming from his childhood, Im thinking mommy issues  One subject is a bad experiment Produce the same resus many many times around the world and Ill believe it  Why do I like his voice??  who shat in his morning tea? If I didnt knew this was sung joon acting as an asshole I would punch him  Nope Youre wrtong And there is an evolutionary reason why women want stability most of the times  after one experiment and one woman k Hahahh what kind of rushed conclusion is that? Talk about generalization Your population sample was one person  ok boy you a little bit delulu, this experiment can definitely not speak for all women budsorry not sorry P  he cant say that after one experiment jesus christ did the writer make him this stupid  Actually there is some truth to that Statistics show that visually men are attracted to younger looking  curvy women amp women  look for f este chico fue un fracasado en el amor algo maluco le dejo!  Umm, I dont think u gonna be thinkingsaying that after u fall in love  I agree , The big dummythis is going to be a fun show This character is ridiculous How can you make a scientific generalization after observing only one person?!?!?!?!?! I hate it when people do Dont you know that a man being rich is like a girl being pretty? You wouldnt marry a girl just because shes pretty,  Yeahif I was a sponsor I would call BS on this and walk out of the roomsorry not sorry I cannot WAIT until this dude falls in love! Lolol cest completement illogique ce quil dit lamour pour lui ca serait quelle chosissent le riche ou le beau Anyone else think his voice is weird af lol go back to college man youre so wrong No u dumb fuck  u love someone for der personality cuz ur comfortable wit dem   He looks good ikr, that sample size is wayyy too small What a fucking jerk COME ON  You cant come to a conclusion by using only ONE woman What kind of test is that? How did he come up with that conclusion? ! lol hey  idiot wanna die women have theyre own love too that is just were little late to recognize our heart Wait  What? She chooses the weahy guy?! Aww how sad i dont agree at the moment, but get what hes saying lol  Like  love me if you dare  its way better than this but lets see how this gonna work  You cant come up with that conclusion after having only one test subject lc OMG I freaking love that drama  In Korean society, status is very important Job security, money and  family  OCD probably  OCD? TT  This will be me  if I fail my test this week  lol that conclusion ruined it  wow i guess thats one way to show us his psychology skills brain not heart the polices face tho hahahahaha BRAIN!  This is EMDR, not hypnosis hyde feels EMDR Ive seen my mom do it, shes a psychologist  HYDE JEKYLL AND I MEMORIES RN I CANT  hyde jekyll and i memories is there any truth to his method atm?? I have to say though its funny how Sung Joons playing the psychologist again after Jekyll and Hyde  This is not hypnosis this technique is called Eye Movement Desensitization amp Reprocessing amp is used  trauma victims lc he played a psychologist   ila eu son diplome dans une boite de chocolat lui Im waiting for robin and seo jin to just walk pass rn Ohhhhh, hes a quack Cuz it doesnt work like that homie  But as he said he wouldnt find love unless rich lol This therapist guy is really good looking lol lool I see im gonna have to have a high suspension of disbelief for this drama which i dont mind and I just finished Dr Rintaro, a good Jdrama This better be good for all the BS logic he was spouting about his experi Why the disbelief?   this is a legitimate and well researched process show no be effective It was developed by Francine Shapiro  why did it have to be hypnotism anything but that and Im good  this is so fake lmao Yea, Im totally using that technique in the future idek for what Its not hypnotism! The subtitles literally just told you it was EMDR  this bgm is really chill, I like it Mdrrrr si a marchait vraiment comme a je deviendrai psychanalystepsychiatre direct lol I love him as a manipulator doctor o just like in Hide and Jeckyl Haha, hes a hypnotist again?? Il ressemble trop a Park Shin Hye waa  Why is he always a physiotherapist? Like in Hyde Jekyll and Me I dont care what role he plays I love this actor this is kind of ridiculous tbh the feels when he does this  he finally got his eyebrows done like they were too bushy in high society the robber was her bf? Otra ves de psicologo  Oh no, Im studying to be a clinical psychologist There are going to be so many leaps hereFrustrating Sung Joon!  Guys, it says right in the beginning that its based off of Psycology Its not gonna be realistic OMG YES HIGH SOCIETY WHO SAW THT zehma en deux deux il a devine son maletre et tout  loool  poor guy Yeah, this is ridiculous He seems more like the fortune teller here lol its been months and its the first time someone told him its not his fau? thats bull lc , ridiculously funny reading the comments Im so happy I know nothing about psychology, I wont be frustrated haha Well this is just dumb Curing someones mental illness is not that easy IF ITS RIDICILOUS DO US ALL A FAVOR AND STOP WATCHING  Gennnnreeee   This is silly Everyone has the right to express their opinion Well miss clinical psychologist you must be a freshman or something because threat was an Avila treatment process known as EMDR  whaterhouse s why is his email madamantoinehatmailcom   HATMAIL hatmail im dying Are turtlenecks making a comeback? I keep seeing them in dramas, and tbh Im not feeling it gt HATMAIL Hatmail  Ptdrrrrrr la ils sont partis fort  HATMAIL plz explain why my eyes about to cry  PHD?? Damn he young tho Lee Jo hyung is freakinggggg cutteee HATMAIL AHAHAHAHA han ye seul timeee Oh fortuneteller please tell me if Byung Hee is proud of eye candy now   Elle parle francais?! Its so funny  SARAAAAAAAA IM FRENCH AND HER FRENCH IS TOO  UNNNNNNNNIEEEEE HAHHAAH that face!  D like me  ye seullll her french is gonna make me pee on myself tho  ELLE A DU PASSE BEAUCOUP DE TEMPS POUR PRONONCER LES MOTS YE SEUL BABE  missed u Her French is okay Canadian babe here so I know  ooooh her french is not bad! the one that traslate the french was terrible its yes  ive been good not yes i see geshhh ahh shes my favourite!  Oh, on va entendre parler franais souvent! , not bad LOVE HER! Her French is quite good too Je VAIS bien Not je vois bien Being well and seeing well it two different things  love her LOVE her hair COLOR! Anyone read Rules of Deduction on Aff? Lol same vibes as this!  shes gorge Tnx, ! I thought she was  just pronouncing it badly, since the je, doesnt make sense in the context Well check   tres mauvais francais oui on dirait quelle lissait son texte lmfao luv her GODDESS HAN YE SEUL plastic surgery or not she fucking pretty and aint looking fake EONNI neomu peo! some french people starting to comment ey?  Lmao i love you guys D she is a con artist   Twist Shes the clinical psychologist I lover herr love i love her she s soo pretty  and she s so cute with teddy ahh uuni i love her jajajajaja i love her  she is very sexy  it was probably teddy, lol  shes so gorgeous  you have to be really naive or willing to be fooled to believe she was talking to a famous actor in this setup she actually looks like kim tae hee lol I wonder how Teddy copes with her being with hotties in every drama hahahahawhat is she, Shirley McLaine? next shell say she was Cleopatra in her previous life YA PAS DE REINE EN FRANCE aujourdhui  je crois quils le savent, tinquites x uh huh sure Lol so I guess their connection is their lack of ehtics What is she saying? Theres no queen  there used to be a queen! she was a queen of France during the th century elle entend les fantomes aussi yes i know im french but its ridiculous Vous ne connaissez pas la reine MarieAntoinette?! Ctait la dernire reine de France!  say it in english tho ! french people knows  already geez  Wtf moi aussi je veux parler  Marie Antoinette! Elle est sur minitel?  Idk much French but did you say Ive also heard Mary Antoinette speak to me or something  Loool the French are going cray cray in the comment section Je pense quils le savent haha, seulement pour faire rire    I cant believe people dont know Marie Antoinette   no, she made a joke, asking how could she talk to the Queen as well, through Minitel? I thought she was supposed to be a real psychic  nah i read she uses logic and deductive reasoning to make psychic guesses hahaha she has a feel of reading people which is why shes good at conning them I loved her in Birth of a Beauty FATE sungjoon moving in lc me too! But they destroyed her sign tho Um Are they really allowed to just toss her sign onto the ground?! And it could have killed someone If its the same sign, does it really matter? Ummm they are going to replace her sign though, right? You cant just destory peoples property like that  Ooh now I get it I was having a hard time believing that hey named their business the EXACT same thing but its because this is his experime His experiment She has a beautiful name Empez la guerra  Where r u LEO!  Lets eat season ???  girl from sweden lauundry??? orr somewhere else? I loved her in Sweden Laundry and Lets Eat season    ahh so it is her! she was in hyunseungs ma first mv too That girl reminds me of UEE Hope shes a friend and not an employeebecause if shes the following then she should watch her mouth imo i like her hair  im bored already but ill keep watching because I love han ye seul  he talks so fast here  taeyang taeyang taeyang lol i love Youngbae too VIP  Youngbae DONG YOUNBAE  Our BIgBangs Taeyang   lc lol  me too  haha taeyang YOUNGBAE Sung Joon always chooses to play asshole characters Or it may be simply WARM in the house? so picky  Im actually loving his character in this idk why Lol The face he just pulled His character is actually amazing in here Stuffy prick  i like this grandpa AHJUSSI FROM MY GIRLFRIEND IS A NINE TAILED FOX! I love his way of acting My girlfriend is a gumiho! This grandpa is from my girlfriend is a gumiho What do u knowi think Im going to like Sung Joon in this one the grandpa from pinocchio  Pinocchio! Harabeoji from Pinocchio! grinchiest smile ever  that smirk of his  in korea are psychologist that famous? here in my third world country we dont watch news about phds or ceos  he doesnt even speaks english irl tho its not secret anymore HARABOJII from pinoccio! Apuesto que es el abuelo de ella Pinnochio harabuji   hahahaha Dal pos dad from pinocchio    Flowers detectives harabuji and from 
Pinocchio too My favorite veteran actor  Dae Wongs harabuji from my girlfriend is a Gumiho  parce que les femmes y vait pas le droit? ils vivent encore au moyen age aw cutest gametes eva   lol I thought that was the sun When I say cutest gametes ever I was like the fck you on about? I now understand And I agree lmao cute gametes I cant believe they explained that to the kids so early lol this is going to be fun lmaoooo, did people actually have these lessons that young  sure  of course In germany they learn this in rd or th grade too and they have a special class about abuse and to say  the nurse from yong pal!    R they not too young to learn this  lol, he couldnt visit her in person? debriefing rip This dude is a total douchebag  if i was her i would have flipped that ipad cooool Lool shes attracted to him   That pupil thing tho Weird in some ways I hope he gets a beating from this woman  I dont know if Id still be smiling about him if he rejected me like that lol smh This is one woman ONE WOMAN Ugh Think about how many women arent even interested in men let alone the typical ones  Seriously cest ridicule que vaina de estudio mas ridiculo! this is so evil, i feel sorry for her Poor her TT  Wow Theyre just breaking peoples hearts Poor girl What an ahole! elle peut porter plainte this is so cruel  how can you play with someone like that He told the white dude that she thought she was gonna find her match lies FUCKING JERKS POOR WOMAN!  this is so rude  Poor thing , she thought she was living a drama reverse harem

 juemadre! que cruel Wow How do you forget the HUMAN element in an experiment about love??? lmao sung joon  En plus il lui dis ca normal oklm sans pression  ughh what a hole This is very unfair to her! Just because he doesnt believe in Love, doesnt mean he has the right, to ridicule her like that, its really pa What the heck, dude? Thank you for loving our participant? Really?  HAHAHAHHAAH THANKS U FOR LOVING HIM HAHAHAHA lmao hes such a jerk Awwww shes so heartbroken beat him up, gosh! Beat him up!  this is so mean but funny  OMG THAT WAS HILARIOUS but so sad hes cruel daebak! so rude! Je laurais baff Slap him! Thats messed up  I want to punch him in the face He needs therapy for his lack of empathy pls can som woop his ass LMFAO, i love this guy, he said it so nonchalantly       Ok we get guys his a douche bag Welcome to  of kdrama leads! bruh what the heck Wow, this is so wrong  what he did is wrong but how hes acting in this kind of situation makes me laugh gahahahahahah I think his character is a guy who has never experiented love, but still this is kinda rude  and he goes on time to shut up  lol cant be me DD hold up! is he still talking? He bold! Id kick that guy in the ballz for this crap! hes too objective, he probably wont be able to understand something as subjective and personal as love Im pretty sure this is grounds for losing your license  this is so cruel  I would have been so hurt unethical He should be expelled from the psychologist boardassociationwhatever Heartless on point  guys cant understand  I would slap him  ay no que cruel, sorry hes always a cruel person in dramas punch him in the face  smack He just keeps talking lmao ppl doing research are scary And thats what I want to do gt too many questions at once! top right know otherwise youll get beatened  he sure talks a lot Hes heartless  U NEED NEED TO HIT HIM AND HIT HIM REAL HEARD He gon get slapped  toi sungjoon tu va recevoir une gifle,i sense the slap coming love how shes angry and hesthere pasionated with it  poor girl  im like him Ahough I love him, a suck in the nose is in perfect order!  he gotta kidding on a scale from  to  lolol she shoud kick him n the BALLS Id smack him rn now gurrrrl! If your not careful shell hit u he asked for it  how did you not see that coming? Called it Well deserved!  jajajajaja wowdeserved! Yeah YOU GO GIRL! you go girl ! he deserves that  Go get em gurl Serves him right! She need to beat him again! What a jerk!  I KNEW IT hahahah serves him right  you go and express those emotions gahahahahaha Oppa here are youre experiment resus never play with THE heart  Replaying that C se atreve a hacerle dao a mi hombre you deserved that, and a thousand more yay! Im so glad I probably would have done worse  WellI would have probably punched him in the face sooner than she did  He needs to check his own emotions and mentality lol me as a intern, iight dude, u crazy asf though oh no he still looks hot  A guy with that personality needs a beating tho  She hulk smashed your face boiii!  well, thats a lot of blood That explains why the bags are so expensive Good! he deserved it, and i like i get his purpose, but she literally gave her time and heart! atleast let her know His experiment was not ethical This is emotionally inconsiderate and cruel Who would fund this? lol he alwaya plays a jerk  Debio darle x lo menos  maletasos mas! gilipollas! No he doesnt lol Its just that some of you have obviously only seen him a couple dramas But hes the lead so hell get better and get the woman lol he kinda deserved it i even wanted to hit him whats the meaning of this! to find out what love is  que babosada de estudio Why doesnt he just try to love? Thats a good place to start to learn about it no? He completely deserved it  I agree I AGREE William Shakespeare is Proof of TrueLove Keep telling yourself that buddy you about to get Han Ye Seuled  you need to watch kdrama boy hahaha  Agreed a  times, reality is way too cruel  agrees   Duh all of your emotions are chemical Makes it even more real in my opinion This is why deception is bad bc it plays with real pain Bc emot Well I do agree to some degree But for me its the mixture of biology, emotions, psychology, and EI   I agree But so is everything in life???  Of course all emotions are chemical by dont you think its funny that there are only vertical people that can invite those chemical reaction Truewish I knew this earlier Love though chemical is real!  I dont understand you people, just because they know how things works they say it doesnt exist  his assistant is so cute   but i love so many boys from bands even if its hormones and brain, you still feel it Dont ruin it for the rest of us, jerk he too much! YOUR NO LOVE D cant wait for him to fall in love  lc , knowing what causes a phenomenon doesnt make it unreal taeks manager reply  I really like Sung Joons hair  ha ha x REVEEEENGE! x jajajajaja ah tiene la contra lohe lead girl kinda reminds me of Aileeidk whyis it me or they look soo much alikejust the face tho Ms steal yo clients lol reply  teak baduk ahjussi lol mais tu peux pas communiquer avec elle tu parles pas assez bien le francais Fench pronunciation B I can actually understand her clearly yay! Korean subs are wrong Shes asking where is the Eiffel tower!  LOOL And then she said oh you have to turn on the left?  C  B level not bad hahaha  Hes gonna catch her out with her French nonsense  dont tell me its gonna be like masters sun  Looool!  Wait this is really funny Mexi, mexi beaucoup D She asked for directions to the Eiffel Tower Hahahh this female makes me happy I understand French  her french pronounciation is better than mine Never came across a language with such difficu ccent from french eiffel tower to sick korean parents ROTFL hahahahahahhaah Wait, doenst any of her clients understand french? not even one person? I bet the main lead is gonna unnderstand  On dirait un genre de Patrick Jane au fminin, avant la mort de sa famille Mentalist So true   I was getting the Patrick Jane before red john feeling too lol he was such a con  Omfg shes sick af ! dang her skills are pretty good Shes great at cold reading Well her reading of ppl are pretty good cant lie she sure has her ways   Sherlock Shes actually lying  shes like Shawn Spencer! Its funny because it seems grief makes people more gullible  Omakateu i love her  I wish i can have this ability  shes female sherlock Well, now we have two psychotic male lead, hahahaha at least shes using her skills for good in a way lol even if it is deceptive lol im actually touched by her deception Her skills bomb asf  why couldnt she be the pschologist shes pretty good at observing  lol why spend money on a degree when you can just set up shop and work? oo i thought that she was talking to him This is getting fun!  kinda like SH we got a sherlock up in here They are both con artists! Sherlock holmes sure is trending these days ggggg, she had that Vline surgery Her cheekbones are up to her eyeballs Smh, she looked better in Sweden Laundry She has a daughter????  So is she supposed to be like yo? Oo Because her daughter is a little too old for her to be youner than  shes a mom!??? This is not sherlock, this is mentalist Patrick Jane  Why does she have to have such an old daughter? I dont think thats realistic  or shes a teen mum I mean look at where she lives screams teen mum she looks the same age as the daughter Her daughter looks her agehow is it believable? Dudehe feels better Work done Next Patient! daughter??? duuuude as long as the patient feels better its a success within ethics  what kind of heartless jerk, you dont need to go that far like his wife is fricking dead, chill a bit oooh gosh no you didnt For a psycologist he is twisted Just let the guy be happy  oppa is twisted During the whole drama you will keep seeing this  He is mustache mannn!    He is very negative about life , how is he even a psychiatrist  HEY Y BEHAVE THIS WAY HE WAS HAPPY WITH WHAT SHE TOLD HIM Y MESS IT UP is a psychopath or a sociopath? Leave the man alone  He is not a good psychologist !What he is doing isnt ethic Nobody would be that rude to their pacient Literally If you at least want their money come on Lead guy is an ass I get what you guys are saying but come on the guy cant live his entire life being deceived He needs to understand it himself  just stop right now before you get hit again LIFE is LIFE death is death, when a person died the life doesnt go anywhere but haveto wait for the resurrection day oops Meant Clueless He is so cluseless Loving this  lc right? hes gonna get hit again hes got a point u know im sorry but the psychologist is right he shouldnt avoid it His job is my dream job please dont make me dislike it babe, Ive had this dream since fifth grade lol just let him be happy pls Crazy but cute I like him  He shouldnt avoid it but theres much better ways to convey that as a doctor to a patient YOUR SO FULL OF IT,Y U GOT TO BE SO RUDE! okay maybe theres a better way of breaking it to him but hes totally right  What a terrible doctor he isHe should just focus on research and stop being a doctor One of these days doctors gonna get killed  this guy has no empathy whatsoever and only likes to drill into people what he believes Band aids help ppl heal when they need it Even the metaphor fails Hes such an ass, wait until he falls in love with her If the patient is cured it does not matter if his cure Is from holistic treatment or traditional medicine Patient happiness comes first lc Totally agree! The problem is the psychologist or whateverhe only sees his research and nothing else Psychologist make money by making you come back for more sessions That guy like imposing his beliefs on people  he got kicked by the fortune teller As a psychologist, I must say he is a bad therapist, bringing a difficuy that it his for the therapy I really dont know why but Sung Joon reminds me Kyuhyun, just the way he is in this Or maybe it was because I was watching some Kyuhyun stu Hes right about the neck thing, but unfortunately he totally sucks as a psychotherapist The way he talks to people The assistant is really pretty   I agree Hes not wrong He simply doesnt have people skills  Hes putting his own ego above treating people  lcs I still think hes wrong As a doctor you are there to offer help If someone doesnt want it, back off I mean  back off but every single hung he said was true That was just a cover the trauma is still lingering  I really like this music haha I love the beat  I think hes right and wrong at the same time The problem is he sees people as experimental objects instead of human That look!  that look of judgement x I love that hes like a grumpy old man in this! I hate him already Dude is happy Thats all that matters   bitchface  He gave her that bitch look lmao!  Hoyas spirit came into his soul to judge haha that dirty look ooo what was with that look? OMG PEOPLE THEY FILMED MY PRINCESS HERE! is she gonna think theyre a couple? lol He was perfectly cast for this drama Okay, is that the lets eat  girl The way he says Madame Antoine  oh my heart please talk french  already feeling embarrassed for her french bullshit Smh They put that note on the menu tasking about no counseling she is worse conning people out of getting real help with her bs  han ye seul is so pretty  shes funny x  MANGA  manga as a reference great manga!  Great Anime as well! Oh Rose of Versallies How I love this animeand I cry every time I watch it TT jajaja lady oscar muy lindo anime jajja hes probs going to catch her out lol, next thing you know hes good at french  I cant bring myself to like the main lead because in all the Dramas Ive seen him his always so shady jajajjaaj ewww Oh god This is gonna be hilarious On va bien rigoler  Will he target this scammer, then fall for her? Shes gorgeous  hes gorgeous D  please dont speak any french then he will fall for it lc, this is a kdrama of course, there will be a love line hes prob gonna make her the new study subject and himself one of the candidates hes soooo tall woahhh  i cant wait to see how  this unfolds Two beautiful people in one room this is gonna be epic Not everyone can pull her dress off, tho they already have great chemistry! D lc me too  idk why i am laughing at this  On dirait Antoine Daniel de What The Cut Mdrrrr JPP Lmao their faces HAHAHAH Dafuqqq I am laughing before the situation even begins   CANT HELP IT  Im already laughing  the tension is so real Ahg je le sens pas Je le sens pas du tout  Why Im laughing   If she starts talking French about Eiffel Tower again shes gonna burn lol theyve only said hello and im cracking up His Happy Face Is SO FAKE  Owkaaaay super awkward Owkaaaay super awkward Owkaaaay super awkward Owkaaaay super awkward Im dyiiiiing ahhah the tension makes me feel awkward and laugh awkward OOO  lmao she trying to study him Those smiles tho   theyre both analysing each other lmao im laughing so hard  ambos se estudian  oh gosh im giggling like mad here  music aint helping Im llooollling here  is happening  han ye seul unnie est dans la merde il ne porte rien,pas de bagues,collier,porte bonheur rien de distinctif,sa va tre dur de dire sa bonne  they were totally mirroring eachother which is a technique you can use to persuade people Ah moins quelle le connat et quelle ditvousvous tes psychologue Lol his smirk  SHIP THIS ALREADY  I ship this Ship it  I see a new ship! Tf people shipping people that havent talked to each other yet in  seconds  EHEHHE SHIP SAILING OMG   I SHIP IT ALREADY A new ship is being bui here! Alert everyone! Im shipping too!  me too im shipping this she looks like younger song hye gyo!?  Omfg I love it when guys are this smart and look like that aaaah You guys ship so quick Like nothing even happened yet and the ship starts lol  Lol  But hes cute  Hes a cutie  i think i love this drama already! This is still awkward     Have they been staring at each other for the last five minutes the who will blink first contest  is anyone gonna talk or The uimate staring contest BOOM! He is so full of himself that he pisses me off The man who is the best fuck that Oooooooohhh  lol even I could tell from that comment that hes probably a psychologist lol I love this so much  THT cutie face  on point Im loving it already  Isnt she from lets eat ?!?!???! WAIT  OMF HOW  and college gt cmon i couldnt even wear my underwear without holding onto something at that age HOW TF What?!?! GENRE IL EST ENTR A LA FAC A ANS ?!  MY BEST TIME IS  MINUTES  I introduce you my new boyfriend Psh Youre not that special, sweetheart Luhan can do that too I LOVE HIM OH MY FCKING GOD even i can do the cube, that is nothing special  OMG I ALREADY LOVE HIM I HAVE A THING FOR REALLY SMART GUYS! 
But seriously college at  years old!?!? Hahahha What the hell just happened o Wow  i cant stop staring at his lips   Who the hell randomly walks around with undone rubix cubes? Im actually trying to solve a rubiks cube atm but is he talking about her aura?  Oh my gosh can I please Marry him  I find super smart attractive  I know Im weird Liessss ahhaha is she getting her fortune told  Roles switched lmao switching roles x He looks like the fortune teller rn   I hate this but I love this Ugh That awkward moment when he is examining you not the other way round  Hes confusing her so much  hes trying to confuse her hahaha seems like she struck a nerve Did she? i bet she got it right dang shes the real deal! hes getting a taste of his own medicien  loving it so far! Holy fuck i love her she is getting into him haha Ohhhhhh she got him! Oh FACK Its true Woah she actually got it right pandoras box! WHAT DID SHE JUST STRUCK A NERVE You go fake Madame There is always a painful past  What? Out of nowhere  Madness OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH Got emmmmmmmmmmm WOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FIRST STEP TO LOVE, CHECK Ahhhh snap she got him too Ooo she got him SHES THE BEST! Im loving this! D She is good very good  Shes gooooood Now look whos drinking water  He wasnt readyyyyy She broke him!  Wow! Shes good! I ship these two already  Majority of people have some kind of neurosis Psych majors are just more aware Its to bad they make psychotherapy seem so cold Its already unpopular in Korea as it is That blinking lol Cute The psychiatrist tend to be the crazy ones
No harm to anyone majoring in psychology I cant with him omfg I love him Hopefully what will happen is he will learn about compassion and respect, and improve himself as an effective doctor  I like where this is going so far  Shes like FACK waht right? right? D this show is getting more and more intresting ! soohyun pls great irony there x Stop talking! he came to fight with the fortune teller haha  Fuck Lol INFJ! And proud That was mean Sung Joon Hes gonna get hit again  Hahahahha Ouch! OOOO clown Damn HA Talk to the hand  Oh no he didnt Ha bon Marie Antoinette prenait de la drogue avec Louis XVI?   OMG! No he did not  WOW THAT WAS TOO RUDE GET OUT MAN GET OUT good one! Bahahah I luv her Lindsay Lohan! Lmao remember when Oprah asked her what drugs she was on and she said vitamins Loving how she doesnt back down  Ahhh still trying even though ur true colours are out he still didnt pay! P i can imagine her asking for it D  SHE IS GONNA PLAY WITH HIM! I like where this is going   lol hes totally gonna get freaked out on his own I still dont see the chemistry between them as actors I tink Im gonna die watching this drama!  loving it already she is so freakin hilarious lol whats she up to p The place looks so big compare to the outside building What right does he have to remove her? she got in your head mr sexy  hope there arent any mirrors around here ella es una bruja parece Im scared Theres probably something technically or mechanically wrong with this place lol shell get into his head D  He Watering the SeeD She Planted Lool  HHAHAHAHAHAAHHA shiz thats scary LMFAO loool gl tonight hehehehehe you keep being science guy Poor fish I wouldnt like being in his place right now   Oh shiz that scared meh Smh so it keeps opening cause she is causing vibrations with all that hitting she is doing  lol im a science major and ghost stuff still scares me XO What is she making? There was another drama where the actress was eating a dried out fish to make something Elle a bien decapit le poisson Then whatabout masters sun? Is the vj from lets eat ?  The dead should be able to roam around just like the living  Too easily played Lol  what are you doing, mister? It seems to me that you believe her words Hes shook  wht is he doing isnt he supposed to b a psychologist he knws its all a trick HIS FACE DDD  its like saying bloody mary  xs while looking at the mirror trick that kids do, lol  TOP Choi Seung Hyun gwishin oppa come out now lmaooooo Lol  Hahhaahahaha look at the science guy OO OMFFFGGG SUNG JOON Aahah  Lool Im dead  jajajajaj este hombre esta asustado a morir Hahahahahah  Hahaha dead  Wtf he believed  Lmfao I cant
 AHAHHAHA SO CUTE Hahha  Of course he is not believe it   i fell off my chair of laughter this is halarious!  hes so cute  Hhahahahahahahh looooool ahahahahah   Y DID NT HE WALK  SO FUNNY  Did he for reals just do that?! lol the power of suggestion thats so adorable!  HAHA SAME THIS IS HILARIOUS Hahahhahahhahahahha  Okay, that was pretty darn cute , I didnt expect that D Hahahhaha c Humour fits him so much better he is such a kiddo love his character Lol A grandpa That likes make up  that was so funny  Ay hes the dad in Pinocchio! lc pie Love this actor when he plays cute grandpa Aah a brother from another mother  Yeah! I like this gramps when hes  nice OHH THEY CONNECT THE HEADMASTER AND THE GRANDDAUGHTER AND THE DOCTOR WOAHHHH FRENCH SUB PLEASE  Are they downgrading rich corportate onwers cars now? Nissan for a big company president? Not BMW or Mercedes? Her hair color is amazing when i become a ceo, im walking out of cars just like that! he looks traumatized now Didnt sleep well, probably Hes like excuse me son, but shes my granddaughter I aint doing that  rude  lmao well this is awkward Wtf is this fool talking about? Lol lc Wait until he finds out Lol  His lips are goals  Uhhhh and who was  the one avoiding mirrors? he talks way too fast x thhis is getting personal x Talking so fast I cant even read the subs  Dont break their beautiful friendship!  His skin is goals too  wait if he avoided looking into mirrors how did he brush his teeth and wash his hands after using the bathroom?!  dude if you psychoanalyze everyone no ones gonna want to be around you lol Says the guy that got scared  lmao tell him haha go grandpa in yo face bitch! Lol that smile I love this grandpa already  You tell him haroboji! tell em grandpa! Seol wore a shirt of the same brand in Cheese in the trap this scene reminds me of couple or trouble she was in  Bro whats with the notebook playing  Lool the notebook  When u aint get none in awhile,  lol wait isnt that the notebook mmm nothing like steamy movie scenes while eating lunch Ehmmmm what is she eating  I have seen this movie twice now in drama It must trending in kdrams gurrl me encanta esa peli Uhhhhhh her reactions are so funny! x This must be the go to sceneIve only seen it in Kdramasits big there hahah close your mouth  lc ikr? one more happy ending and then this! close ur mouth sis! lc , one more happy ending lc saaammeee lmao  i love the notebook, one of my few fav romance movies  Wait she has a kid?? She has a kid?  lmao DD told his a to leave gammit! Shes a good friend That was somehow intense for just touching hands  Wowwwww jerk But still gotta love him wowwhat a jerk! thirst! Jerk the guy trying to expose the truth, not the woman deceiving poor vine rabble and traumatized people and conning them for their money  This guys is acting so childish and I hate his character so much Hello, its me I feel sorry for the ppl in the stalls GUYS OMG THIS IS SUPPOSE TO B SERIOUS I was wondering if after all these years youd like to meet wats happening? Starts chanting Bloody Mary lol to go over everything Is it the father of her child? what is someone was in there peeing and she just turned off the lights  lol! im so confused That guy ruining her career and personal life is being too much of a bad person I wish she didint have to act and just asked the gramps sincerely for help Now gramps will think shes a con artist fo Just say the truth  He is such a sexist guy this character Thinking he has the right to step over women like her Are you guys kidding me? Sure the guy may be petty but fact remains this girl is deceiving hundreds of poor vulnerable people taking their mo she looks like Ailee  IKR! shes like ailees twin she shud hv just ask to borrow money personally not lie her butt off to trick him stop D Its because this is who she is, shes been doing it to so many people so why would he be different  lc true She should just ask if she can borrow money for her daughter Sheesh just tell the true girl  She should tell the truth but asking for money from a company president is not so easy i think shes keeping her daugther a secret wat daughter? I really like her but she should just tell the truth  She should have just went with the truth he cares so I think he would have helped nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo hey! D She should have been hoest with him instead of making up that crap That was bush league I know right Ughhh I dont even understand why she fe she had to Shes a con artist Lie is her feature I hate people like that why didnt she just borrow it from him? Now with this lie she cant even return the money totally a con artist Everyone talking about why did she lie are you forgetting she is a con artist! Think about the numerous people she deceived  she shuld have gone for the honesty Pourquoi elle ntudie seulement pas en Core ?  Awww Im tearing up too idk! she had a daughter, is this ep ?!  Did she cry like this after those other people she conned? What Marie Antonine talk to your dead wife and she take me she is happy??  maube she doesnt want to con, and has to lol me as an employee Told Aww At least she is going to tell the truth Yayyyy Im happy Good On Her for taking responsibility you can see that she have such a good heart precious girl Awwwwwwww I will love this kdrama  aw  Im legit crying  Aw Im actually tearing up rn The one drama that doesnt fis the girls makeup when shes crying yess  Im so glad she told the truth! YAAAS girl u did the right thing Go beat his face up, darling! me as a driver  ike rich plp man Hes like Good girl why is this harabuji always cute D ooh, thats my birthday aww  I KNNNOW I  just love him  The chairman and his nephew have the same smirky smile Im so glad she told him the truth oooh lala  grandpa got her a job Oh I see where this is going, lol Oooooooh   HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! lol get rekt AHAHA best grandpa ever This grandpa is gold! yes, he was going to get them together  Matchmaker grandpa Hes so nice he has such a funny crazy look about him  idk, shes a bit annoying, isnt she?  no i dont think she is anooying i think she is better than so many other female lead characters  Isnt it very unethical for get to conduct psychological consuation   how is she annoying? she is amazing!  I think out of all three, Grandpa is the best at reading and UNDERSTANDING people   Aw I love the grandpa so much D Love the grandpa Guys could learn so much from a romance  gramps is so cool! hahahahhahahahaha! i like her a lot shes a mom first and foremost but she has ethics Thats what you get ya Snitch! girl you betta work,  he cant refuse coz he already signed Stupiiiiiiiiiiiiiid! right, ?? haha   Grandpa is a matchmaker i am watching him speak, and missing the transl he is so cute to watch talk   This is an unexpected twist His style reminds me of Kyuhyun She looks like she has purple eyes here he speaks to fast  I kind of support what he is saying Because truth is she fed complete lies to those people and played on their vulnerability  How can he talk about her messing with peoples wheb he runs his love experiment Frappe le nan deja  well, at last his excuse is science  She is mad she is going to do it i dont know how this guy got a phd in psychology bc he reductionionist and ignores all the different views bar bio This guys is a stuck up bitch literally He acts like a  year old boy Who he talking to? That aint her phone D bruh Now she wont quit coz of what he said This bitch  Ny renonce pas  Reverse psychologyshell accept the job What a guy mmm nothing like getting off on the wrong foot  i support that provocative act, he deserved it DAAAAANG YASSSSSS BITCH  hehhehe BUUURN! Hes such a dumb psychologist  kweeeen i love ha ! I am Ko Hye Rim dont mess with me his eyes though they are gorgeous in yo face backfired  i like this set! very fallish  The drama just became completely ridiculous smh a fortune teller in a psychologists office  More opportunities to run into each other his assistant cool asf Help   Pay back time lol quit it dude, its never gonna happen, instead youll be the one up there p  I wish we will see him on this tree before te end of the drama  That would be so fun to watch   jajajajajajajajaja is this his imagination?? LMFAO hahha wild imagination lol lc i agree i wanna see him in the tree I make a bet that he will be the only one who will be sitting on the tree   Il veut lhumilier  que imaginacion la de doc i love it! D i love that hes already having fantasy! god, this is good! I think he is going to end up in the tree Hahha hes part of the experiment  This experiment thing is a sexit horrible thing Taking advantage of only WOMEN WHY NOT MEN? WHY?? he is suuuuch a prick loool  HES SO EXTREME I LOVE HIM Well see who will really be fooled  oml  im dying  That laugh  he so happy about it eheh HE IS SO CHILDISH OMG DDDD They will clearly fall for each other after twist and turns Hes evil lol hes daydreaming about her xd haha says no but face yes YUP  if youre daydreaming about someone telling you they love youyou need to look in the mirror that laughhh g i love him!  Haha ikr lc pleeeease, dude! x maybe hell start the experiment and instead of her, hell be the one falling in love o Just saying what Ive been thinking from the start WHAT A JERK!  I like this couple  This guy has always been a jerk  Watching because I love the female actress  Okay to EVERYONE who likes this couple he is taking advantage of her ITS HORRIBLE ABUSIVE PLEASE Okay I got a little bit too angry sorry but its the truth i cant wait for the character development Everyone is mad because he is taking advantage of her but what about all the people she took advantage of with her rubbish fortune teller con i guess its his turn now  Oh Lord hes started his darned experiment now he is getting in line for me to be really pissed with him why are they so obsessed with madam antoine!?!?!? KILL ME HEAL ME ANYONE? I think im going to stop watching this HE IS A JERK I Cant WATCH A JERK PLAYING WITH HER FEELINGS My grand ma has that pathology  you have to take lithium for the rest of u r life I hate all these biased comments Im not supporting him but he had a fact  is an untrained fortune teller doing conducting consuation Conducting consuations  Ooooohhh Lol ok it is mean to tease him with his traumatized memory not cool Exactly like  Im sick with this one sided hate for him they are both asses her maybe even more forth is rubbish con  Hes messing with her tbh shes being rude abt the mom thing, but hes a prick so its like meh god, they are fighting haaard! all those mean moves! x Boom fair play Ahough most of his leading ladies are older than him, he always creates good chemistry with them  I LOVE THESE TWO ok i think he crossed the line hell give her free sessions because shell be his daughter too soon  She should have slapped that smirk off of his face lol he trifiling  Oh my god All of the dramas Ive seen with this guy in it minus , and he was the second lead he has been a jerk! Tape le, Wesh! Agreed with  In fact, he does better in noona romances They can have some step daughter step dad bonding time he fits older women so much better they have experience I think he has chemistry with all the women leaders, sexy and playful wait, the dude got in college at , and now he drives cars? well thats just sad OHMYGUSHHHH JINWOOONNNNNNNNNNNNIEEEEEE  jinwoon??? Hes doing to to earn about people because ahough he is smart and all he has no people knowledge  Hotel King location? OMG ITS HIM SWOONS JINWOON! AHHHHHHHH JINWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON MY BAE asdgahdgahdadhgashgdsghdhasdhasgdashgdghs Jin Woon shsdoihsfhshf Jin Woon Jin Woon Jin Woon Jin Woon Jin Woon  TE AMO  LITERALLY SPIT OUT MY DRINK WHEN I SAW HIM  Yay! Cutie is here! Haha  taxi driving is a very honourable profession p  JIN WOOO JINWOON SHI ! OMG I DIDNT KNEW HE WAS IN THIS  The smart guy reminds me of spencer from Criminal Minds Jinwoon  WAIT WHAT I DIDNT KNOW HES IN THIS THIS CASTING IS GREAT OML FAIL Whoohoooo take off your shirt BAAAAEE! i loved him on marriage not dating yassss WAHHHH  this guy? yaasssss MY BABY! this is going to be a super awesome drama OMG JINWOON i DIDNT know bae was here TT i miss AM! Oppaaaaaaaaaaa my bae is here AWWWW JI WOON! MY BOO OMG I HOPE I GET TO HIS ABS IN THIS DRAMA isnt he in kpop band am?? lol he was in marriage not datingthat drama is soo funny  its him my boo AHHH its jin wooooooon  GLAD TO SEE HIM BACK ! Hahahahaa! JIN WOOOOOOOOOOOON hes such a good actor, he was in Marriage not dating he sur knows hw to pick good dramas  THAT HAND MOVEMENT WAS SO CUTE TOOO MANU BEAUTIFUL MEN IN ONE DRAMA i sense another second lead syndrome  Hes from dream high  BAHAHAHAHAH that was so smooth  JUNG JIN WOON OPPAA beautiful men I couldnt muiple till I was in the th grade    lmaoooo no poops given DD he play alll day, math is hard! AWW! Brotherly rivalry  TURKEY FLAG, trk milletine selam burdan photoshop a point of fact ,advertising companys knew how the human brain worked way before the Doctors did Her nose is pretty  its funny because shes American and can speak fluent English I can see her being in need of counseling from here xdxd her daughter is old as hell! i dont think thats her daughter Not her daughter it looks like the place where smtm auditions took place Her daughter hasnt even shown up yethow do you know?  she probably thoughtthat Lee Ma Ri was her daughter o thank god, i thought that was her daughter DID I JUST SEE BLACK PEOPLE??? YESSSSSSSSSSSS TO THE YES!  if you want to see nonkorean people watch moorim school Lol I dont know why I thought that was swimming at first  Same lc  lc dont worry I thought it was too   lc Me too! lol me too D because of the leotard I guess lc i thought she was fonna do figure skating Hahaha all of us! So did i lol I thought it was swimming  SAME  lool me too  Lc me too I thought so too And the bleachers are blue like in most swimming arenas  Mee too Wait it wasnt swimming?!  sung joon be looking like a mix of yonghwa and kangjoon in this drama p I thought she was gonna do swimming  previous comments I also thought this was going to be a swimming competition Im liking this drama so far!  Though she was gonna swim  wow no pressure Is it me or the Leo seems a tad loose on her is she her daughter? she really looks so young to have a daughter at this age  Stress lol what she needs are glasses  oh, she needs glasses no, this isnt her daughter  lc no its not her daughter   no her daughter is in America  What up with everyone loosing sight in kdrama and her daughters name is Do goong I think Lee mari looks like Kang SoRa from Sunny, I miss kang sora I thought it was Kahi If that was her daughter I doubt she wouldve asked for an autograph  maybe its his sister? h germany flag  Watching from Berlin  Thats the easiest vau ever! I dont think it was the difficuy, that was easy, just maybe she was under too much pressure and just collapsed I FEEL LIKE I WAS WATICHING DOCTOR HOUSE  HIS FACE WHEN HE SAW HER THO  she like boy! wouldnt mind having sung joon as my psychologist D If he was my doctor I would visit everyday saying Im insane  power of love fandom She looks like Seungyeon from UNIQ
Any Unicorns out there I am getting Sehun vibes from her lc she looks nothing like seungyeon  Ayeeee UNIQ  YASSS UNI UNIQ! Uniq! EOEO Shes really pretty  HE is talking about manners lol This guy is such a crap psychologist Why write this character that way?  lc Im sure there is a reason  just wait  lc actually that was a good move, if he continued playing  to her they would have achieved nothing  it really doesnt matter how he is now as long as hes different in the endya knowcharacter development hes just matching her attitude them urbanears though being strict is the only way to reach through to the stubborn girl, clearly the writters know what they re doing llc He is using reverse physiology  Shes so pretty  is wrong with this girl? he tryna help you, stop bein a lil bitch girl needs a better attitude what a douche x  iPad   Its the earphonesmusic thats affecting her balance ahh he is so AIGOO HE IS SOOOOOO QUE TAL SE MANDA HUEVO! Gurl, just hit record on  Is she joking?! How the heck is it similar  Ugh this guy JERK serving tables, like anyone else  I hate con people, no matter the reason Her daughter should be in a public school and she doing cleaning Hes not a jerk, shes being a dishonest to begin with I would be exactly like him  I still do love him though  he is being a jerk The chairman decided to hire her and she isnt interfering with his work Shes just asking questions Then she can get help from the baseball player  Then hell get jealous mwhahahah Wow I like how everyone always stands up for the dick but when a girl acts tough for a good reason she gets shitted on Such logic fml  hes pretty much a jerk IDIOTA! And she is a liar, who take money from others by liyng to them Why people deffend dihonest people argh actually, its their own choice to go to her and listen to her  dishonest I like their combo they are both at the same level right now for me  but her abilitytherapy is natural talent, not education she couldnt just work as a doctor so she went w psychic She is so pretty! Lol Hi Girl had a good  seconds left Aye they just had a genuine convo there   what is she wearing lol He took her curiousity seriously  I just got a glimse of the sweetest corner of his heart how come jinwoon is never main lead? Yall need to gtfo for real creating him out  seconds ago and now applaufin  He was In the ExGirlfriends Club Applauding  He has the bullring on the background Representing birmingham   Bullring     jinwoon, cmon brother! obviously, otherwise he would be useless jinwooooon HAHAHAHAHA JI WOON!    I THOUGHT THE SPARKLES MEANT HE WAS THAT ONE PERSON  Youre gonna regret ittttttt if u pick jinwoooo they r seriously gonna experiment on  her! His brother Its the friend hahahha  its my mazic OMG th ,usic this french influenced music yall  Bonjour, baguette, fromage really  i love the ost of this drama Lool why did the episode end like this? OMo    All of that, in the next episode? Woahhh Wait is all of that in the next episode ?? OHOHOHOHOHO I LOOK FORWARD TO DA NEXT ONE JUEMADRE TODO ESO ES EL PROXIMO EPISODIO! NO PUEDO ESPERAR
